Miss, what is going on?
Beast beast, let me help. Then call me anytime if you need anything.
Hey, it's you who should get out now.
Shut up. The restaurant belongs to my daughter.
He will let you, an outsider, speak.
Auntie, your sister didn’t have any other intentions just now.
Don't get me wrong. Anyway, as long as the restaurant belongs to our family
It’s given to you by Lord Shenchi again.
It's not because of the spiritual fragrance. Come on
Use the money from you two losers
They have it
Other than that, it has already gone up to the sky.
Lucky to be hypocritical
The discomfort is repaid
Remember our Yanhui tonight
My big shots won't come
Just start with me building a house for some money
Hurry up and do it
This restaurant will meet my Su family tomorrow
Su family